---
title: 'Welcome Letter'
description: 'Welcome Letter'
---
**Brendamour Welcome Letter**

**Our Address:** Fasching Haus East, 747 South Galena Street, Unit #450,
Aspen Co 81611

Ruben and/or Maria and/ or Ashley are usually at the Front Desk

Hours: 8 a.m.- 7 p.m. Seven days a week; Phone: 970-925-9075

**Parking Pass:** There will be one in the office for you when you
arrive.

**Entry Code:** We will let you know your code prior to arrival or it is
available through the office.

**Internet password** for Fasching Haus is **internet1.** Our internet
has not been great lately. Too much usage during busy season. The
internet in the front office will be better.

**Sonos password** for music (FH 450 wifi) in our apartment is
**aspen123**

**Grocery**

City Market is closest. Galena towards town/RIght on Durant/Left on
Spring and City Market is on the right There is also a liquor store next
to City Market. The grocery beer is 3.2 . (about 2.5 blocks)

Clarks Market is farther away but more gourmet. Mill Street (backside of
Fasching Haus across pool area) towards town. Cross main street and a
block past Hotel Jerome the market is in the strip mall on your left
where you will also find ACE hardware and a liquor store.(about 6
blocks)

Bags for groceries are in the closet by the dining room table.

**Ski Rental**

Four Mountain Sports on Durant Street is a good choice because they do
not charge to transfer your skis to any of the four mountains. Galena
towards town/Right on Durant (first intersection) and Four Mountain is
next to INK coffee and Helly Hansen.

**Lift Tickets**

Ticket office is at the base of the Gondola. Galena towards town and
turn right in the alley by the Little Nell, before Durant Street

There is a **pool and a jacuzz**i at Fasching Haus. There is also a
small work out room and laundry down the steps from the pool area. Entry
code: 21\*333333 There are towels by the pool.

**Pantry/Refrigerated Items**

Please feel free to eat any food. We will not be in Aspen again until
June. All of the condiments, dressings, etc. in the refrigerator have
been purchased in the past 6 weeks.

**Housekeeping**

There will not be any daily service. When you leave, please wipe the
kitchen counters, run dishes but don't worry about unloading, turn off
ice-maker and take out the trash. (Thorough cleaning will not occur
until after construction work is complete.)

*Note, there are some aspects of the 450 condo that are not yet
complete.*

*One bedroom does not have a headboard. Unfortunately, it was delivered
this week in the wrong size.*

*The fan has not yet been installed in the kitchen/family area. When you
are cooking, it may be necessary to open a door or window for
ventilation.*

*Electric shades for the windows and skylights are not yet installed.*

*The blue tape on the kitchen counter marks a place for a pop up outlet
awaiting installation.*

*Wall trim and Window shutters in the bedrooms are not yet installed.
(There are temporary shades on the windows).*

*There are a few other things you will notice unfinished.*
